An orientifold is a target spacetime for string sigma-models that combines
aspects of 2-orbifolds with orientation reversal on the worldsheet, whence the
name.  Where generally fields in physics/string theory are cocycles in
(differential) cohomology theory and typically in complex oriented cohomology
theory, fields on orientifolds are cocycles in genuinely 2-equivariant
cohomology and typically in real-oriented cohomology theory. For instance the
B-field which otherwise is a (twisted) coycles in (ordinary) ordinary cohomology
over an orientifold is a cocycle in (twisted) HZR-theory, and the RR-fields
which usually are cocycles in (twisted differential) K-theory over an
orientifold are cocycles in KR-theory.  An explicit model for B-fields for the
bosonic string on orientifolds and examples are analyzed in this context. That
for the superstring the B-field is more generally a cocycle with coefficients in
the Picard infinity-group of complex K-theory and a detailed discussion of the
orientifold version of this. The quadratic pairing entering the 11d Chern-Simons
theory that governs the RR-field here as a self-dual higher gauge field is given
in.  

A monad is a structure that is a lot like a monoid, but that lives in a
bicategory rather than a monoidal category. Ordinary categories can be defined
as monads in the bicategory of spans of sets. Multicategories can be defined in
a similar way. A multicategory is like an ordinary category where each morphism
has a list of objects as its domain, and a single object as its codomain; think
vector spaces and multilinear maps. Monads are among the most pervasive
structures in category theory and its applications: for example, they are
central to the category-theoretic account of universal algebra, as well as
underlying the theory of simplicial objects and thus, via the Dold-Kan
correspondence, much of homological algebra.

A bicategory is a particular algebraic notion of weak 2-category. The idea is
that a bicategory is a category weakly enriched over Cat. the hom-objects of a
bicategory are hom-categories, but the associativity and unity laws of enriched
categories hold only up to coherent isomorphism.

The morphisms can be composed along the objects, while the 2-morphisms can be
composed in two different directions: along objects – called horizontal
composition – and along morphisms – called vertical composition. The composition
of morphisms is allowed to be associative only up to coherent associator
2-morphisms.

The notion of morphism in category theory is an abstraction of the notion of
homomorphism.  In a general category, a morphism is an arrow between two
objects.  The term arrow is sometimes used as a synonym for morphism, map, and
also for directed edge (in a directed graph or quiver).

More generally, a homomorphism is a function between structured sets that
preserves whatever structure there is around. Even more generally,
homomorphism is just a synonym for morphism in any category, the structured
sets being generalised to arbitrary objects.

The term magma is from Bourbaki and intends to suggest the fluidity of the
concept; special cases include semigroups, quasigroups, groups, and so on. The
term groupoid is also used, but here that word means something else.

Generalizing the classical notion of monoid, one can define a monoid (or monoid
object) in any monoidal category. Classical monoids are of course just monoids
in Set with the cartesian product.
